Requirement:
- Viewable lecture slides [Student]
- Submitting homework [Student]
- Be able to give tutor feedback [Student]
- Allow consultation meetings [Struggling Student]
- Able to message tutors or lecturers [Student]
- Able to write a direct response under assignment in application [Student]

- Be able to post lecture slides and tutorials [Lecturer]
- Check attendances using the school WIFI [Lecturer]
- Show the total percentage of attendances [Lecturer]



Must have:
As a student, I want a feature that could view lecture slides, so it allows us to learn after lecture finishes.
As a student, I want a feature that could submit our homework, so that the lecturer could review.
As a lecturer, I would want to post both lecture slides and tutorials, that way the students could do their own study.

Should have:
As a student, I want a feature that could give tutor feedback, that way the tutor should know what to improve on.
As a Lecturer, I want a feature that could check attendances that uses the school WIFI, so it proves that the student is in school and not entering the attendance code at  anywhere else than school.
As a lecturer, i want a feature that shows the total percentage of attendance, that way it proves they are attending to classes.

Could have:
As a struggling student ,I would like a feature that would allow me to set up consultation meeting with my tutor or lecturer. That way student can improve their understanding with the lecturer or tutor
As a student, I want a feature that would allow the students to message the lecturers and tutors. That way students could contact them with any questions.
As a student ,I would want to be allowed to write a direct submission response under assignments in the application instead of needing to submit another document for submission.

Won’t have
As a student,I would want a feature that could allow me to set up a study buddy.In order to for student to meet new people.
As a student, I would want a feature that could allow students to edit  the UI of the application. That way the students can feel more comfortable using the application
As a student,I want a feature that could allow facial recognition for log in.That makes students log in process faster.

Functional
The system will allow for lecturers to upload lecture slides and tutorials to their respective courses
The system will have a messaging system so the students and lecturer could communicate with each other
The system will have a submission system where students are allowed to send their work to a specific lecturer to be reviewed
The system will have attendance system that will check submitted attendance if it is using the school WI FI 
The system will allow students to view and download lecturer slides and tutorials
The system will allow the students and lecturers to register or log in into an account
The system will have a feedback system that allow students to submit feedback messages to a specific lecturer
The system will allow students to schedule a consultation meeting with the lecturer they want to meet up with

Non-Functional
The system must be online and functional 24/7 
The transference of data and information within the application must be under 3 second
User login information,register information and user facial details or any personal user details must be encrypted and secure
The  educational application must be portable through different software and devices such as  mobile application(IOS,Android) and desktop application (Windows ,Mac OS)
The campus database should be fast and always available 24/7 
The system must have an easy to navigate UI layout
The system should display an error and apology messages if any error occurs







